hey guys Tami Troy I'm at woman journals
and Troy wilderness welcome to my she
cave we are in my office and I received
a special package today from Lt right
knives and I was instructed that I
should do a unpackaging video so this
baby has been sitting next to me in our
truck for the last four hours
so pressure has been building I'm dying
to see what's in here so let's check
this out hold their surprises in here
for me
Thank You LT and thank you Mike handing
her Hey look there's newspaper
all right you guys Rock
this is cool check it out baby there's
not only do we have the Genesis we have
the Genesis with the multi flame mini
tool you guys rock this thing smoke
switch nice no look at this and it's got
leather and it's got oh look at this
baby most girls would want a purse or
flowers this girl will take the knife
this is cool thank you guys so very much
this is awesome
very awesome I'm gonna steal that skirt
guys thank you very much this is a
really nice gift and greatly appreciated
thank you very very much and you will be
hearing so much more on this because
this will be attached and out in the
wilderness and we will be using this
really like the Edition that is very
very good it's cool it's really cool
thank you guys yeah thanks so much
very cool I'm speechless that's odd
how about it that don't happen very
often no but thank you very much for the
rest of you guys out there you will be
hearing a lot more about this we will be
getting this out and utilizing this on
all of our videos so thank you guys
really appreciate it take care and until
the next one god bless
okay guys this is Tammy trier back on
here again I'm so excited
I didn't notice all the fine detail on
this thing and I wanted to get back on
here because this is just I am tickled
this is awesomeness Elte right knives
and my caning or sent me this knife this
is their new genesis which is an amazing
knife very odd and honored to have that
but the extra detail that they put into
this is just amazing this is our multi
flame mini tool which with this holster
is designed to carry it and not only
does it have the Kydex on here but it
also has leather and on this leather is
our logo you can see the logo right here
this is the mountain of our logo just as
you can see it on our multi flame tool
there right here so I'm just I'm just
odd this is just amazing I'm very
honored and and just can't thank you
guys enough this is so cool you will be
seeing a lot of this and my men are